I'm about to show you what a
half $1 million experience looks like.
I promise this is going
to blow your mind.
In this video, you will find out
why it cost a quarter of $1 million
to simulate going to space.
Why it costs $50,000 to explore
the depths of our oceans.
Whoa!
It's coming right at us!
And every other experience
we tried along the way.
I'm standing on top of the
tallest building in the world!
Oh my God!
All the way down to the
cheapest experience I could find.
Riding a camel.
How long can I ride
this camel for a dollar?
One dollar, two minute.
Deal. That's a
great $1 experience.
Hold on tight.
Wait.
Hold on tight, why?
Oh my God.
I wanted to ride camels in Egypt,
but they're way more than a dollar.
So I'm gonna throw
the pyramids up in post
Yo!
Yeah.
It's beautiful.
Dude, this is a workout
to stay on this thing.
I mean, I'm so
high up in the sky.
Now you know what it's
like to be me and Chandler.
Okay.
Well, $1 only got us two
minutes and that time is up.
Let's go have dinner in the sky.
For $10,000, you can
go 3000 feet in the sky
with a chef who uses this
hot air balloon as her kitchen.
You can see the shadow from
the balloon over there in the field.
Dude!
This is a little higher than I
expected, I'm not gonna lie.
But this isn't your everyday
dinner at 3000 feet in the air.
This Michelin star chef uses the
flame from the hot air balloon itself
to literally cook the food
for the meal she's preparing.
MrBeast.
Oh.
Yo! That's our next
course of food, bro.
Now, we're about to
have fish that they cooked
with the fire from the
hot air balloon.
Oh, thank you.
Oh my gosh.
Jimmy, this is amazing.
Look how beautiful it is down there.
Such an amazing view while we eat.
This fish never dreamed
of being this high up.
If you got an extra ten grand and want
to impress a girl, I would recommend this.
Every single one of these ten
gourmet courses was phenomenal.
But I still had one
question I needed to ask.
As a Michelin star chef, what do
you think of this Feastables bar?
Very good on balance. And
what I like is the crunch in the chocolate.
Feastables is now Michelin star approved.
The 10K experience was very beautiful.
Amazing.
Up next is the 50K
experience and Chandler
and Karl have no idea what
I have in store for them.
What do you think of the yacht?
I think it's beautiful.
It's pretty.
Yeah.
Do you think it costs
50 grand for the day?
No.
Okay.
So look over there.
We're gonna go on a
submarine expedition.
Oh my God.
You guys ready to explore
the floor of the ocean?
Yeah!
Okay, let's do this.
- What?
- We're not doing that.
Let's head over.
Okay.
Come on.
Yeah!
Let's go explore the
floor of the ocean.
- Okay.
- All right.
This is awesome. Whoa!
I can already see fish.
Look! We haven't
even gone down yet.
Look it’s a barracuda!
You guys want to scrape the
floor of the ocean? We can.
We can do anything.
We have this entire submarine to
ourselves and can explore whatever we want.
Let's do everything.
Except crashing.
We are not allowed to do that.
Okay.
And to make sure we got the
very best angles down here.
We paid scuba divers
to follow the submarine.
Isn't this cool? Let's communicate
with them "Shark behind"
everyone freak out.
Okay? Start freaking out.
Got'em!
While we're underwater,
Tareq and Nolan
are also on a $50,000
safari in Africa.
And we're gonna see if we see
more cool creatures down here
than they do over there.
Spoiler.
We will.
This is gorgeous.
All right, let's go find
the king of the jungle.
We cannot leave Africa until we
see a lion. Do you understand?
I do understand. Why did
you point at me like that?
Look, look, look.
Oh, warthog! Yo, it’s Pumba!
You scared him.
I'm sorry, I shouldn't yell.
I was not supposed to yell.
Zebras! I feel like zebras
would taste good.
Like if I was a lion, I'd always go
for a zebra. They just look thick.
What?
Bro, this is so worth $50,000.
Yeah. This is so
worth Jimmy’s $50,000.
Wait, Karl, what if instead of
being a ship that's a submarine?
We're taking this
thing back up again.
Wow, look at how close
we are to those rocks.
Is it okay? How close we are?
- Yeah, it's okay.
- All right.
But we weren't the only ones
getting up close and personal.
Zebras!
Where are you going? Hey, buddy.
Wait! Don't go. Come back!
Tareq, let's talk about
the elephant in the room.
There's two right behind you.
They are unnervingly close.
They're very close.
Oh, it's awfully close.
It is coming towards us.
We just got charged
by an elephant.
Oh, it's there!
-It's the coolest thing ever!
-Look at him!
That thing is a unit.
That’s my dad.
This is way cooler
than a submarine.
I’d rather see this than a fish.
Also, my heart’s beating
out of my chest right now.
And that was the 50k experience. What
we have coming up next is even better.
This thing pales
in comparison to
the $250,000 zero
gravity experience.
This company will fly
you up and then nosedive,
creating a zero gravity
environment inside the plane.
The $250,000
experience starts now.
Oh my water!
Wow. Oh my God!
I'm upside down!
Oh my God. Oh, I
can’t stop floating!
Go long!
Oh, that was awesome.
Oh my gosh, this is sick!
On this next drop, we're
gonna race to the other side.
Turn on zero gravity.
-Oh, yeah.
-Dude!
I’m winning!
I can’t go anywhere!
Nolan's losing.
We made it!
-We made it.
-We won!
Guys!
Turns out racing without
gravity doesn't work so well.
But luckily, Karl
had a better idea.
I'm gonna test
out a leaf blower.
All right, wait for it.
He’s spinning!
Oh God!
-He’s actually spinning!
-Stop!
Oh my God.
And before we turn
the gravity off again.
We’re gonna try to make some of our
MrBeast Lab Swarms in zero gravity.
- You ready?
- Yeah.
Nolan, let's
try to make some!
I created the coolest toys ever.
All you have to do is
pour water into the tube,
shake it and you'll find
out which Swarms you got.
I’m gonna squirt some water.
Give me some!
We’re getting swarmed
by these toys right now.
This isn’t as easy as I thought. Anyways,
there's over 119 Swarms to collect.
You can find Swarms in packs
of five, packs of two and singles
available at Walmart, Target,
and Amazon in the United States
and everywhere around the
world at your top toy retailers.
It’s my favorite toy!
-I’m weightless.
-Go get it at your local Walmart.
These are the most
exciting toys this holiday season
and they're
flying off the shelves.
Karl, catch!
Make sure you buy MrBeast Labs
before they're sold out.
That's going to be cool.
Hold on, Nolan, catch.
Yeah.
Body slam!
I have no idea how the $500,000
experience is going to top this.
But let's go find out.
And after going all around
the entire world to film this video...
We’re at
the $500,000 experience.
This is the craziest view ever.
Unlike any spectacle seen
before in the history of mankind,
my friends and I are about to
see what half a million dollars
can allow you to experience in the most
luxurious metropolis in the entire world.
The city of Dubai, a place carved
from the desert but created for pleasure.
And at the end of
this video, I'm going to become
one of the few
individuals in history
to stand on top of the
tallest building in the world.
We went all out. It is
going to blow your mind.
Let's go have some fun.
How are we here?
So after we found our way
off this 500ft picture frame,
we made our way over
to this castle of a hotel.
Wow.
This is insane.
Water in our backyard.
The first two floors of this
hotel room are magnificent.
But the coolest one, by far, is the
third level that's completely underwater.
Oh my God!
Welcome to Atlantis. We love
you all. Except for you, Karl.
Sorry, man.
He went into a thing with
sharks just to make fun of me.
For the record, there is
over 80 sharks in this tank.
And later in this experience, we're
actually going to be swimming with them.
And for the cherry on
top to wrap all this up.
Come on.
We're going to go skydiving.
No way.
Yes!
Dude, falling from thousands
and thousands of feet in the air.
Don't worry about that.
Let's go race F1 karts.
Yeah.
What better place to do so
than at the Dubai Autodrome?
Home to some of the
fastest cars in the entire city.
Just grab whatever car
you want. Let's go race.
- All right.
- Let's go.
And I called up some of
the biggest local creators
to have a field
day with these supercars.
Let's have some fun.
They're going so fast.
And this is just the first of many
experiences we're going to be doing here.
We are just getting started.
I'm ready to race!
We’re about to lap someone.
We're catching up to them.
Oh no, Jimmy! No, no.
Come on, grandma.
I don't think my mom
will be happy watching me race.
I don't think she could
drive slower if she wanted to.
That's illegal. Okay.
That's like. That's really illegal.
While my friends and I were
pretending to be race car drivers.
Woo!
Karl was getting ready to drive
an actual Formula level race car.
I look so cool now.
Let's do this thing.
Off to a rocky start.
Oh my God, I'm driving a formula car!
This is the best day of my life!
For the price of this
experience,
we actually got to keep
this brand new Lamborghini.
I want to enjoy it a little bit.
In case you were curious,
this bad boy is fast.
Let's go to an NBA game,
all the way in Abu Dhabi.
But to be honest, guys, I'm
not the kind of guy who likes to drive
around sports cars and
plus, we cannot find a parking spot.
So, I'm just going to find
someone to give this thing to.
Do any of you watch
the MrBeast channel?
Yup!
That says subscribed!
Can I just give you this Lamborghini?
I’d prefer someone
else to have it.
What? What the
heck just happened?
Hey, sir.
Security, can you come over here?
Oh, he’s subscribed!
Can I just give you this Lambo?
Yeah, please.
All right, get in. This is
officially your Lamborghini.
I am actually shaking right now.
This is why you gotta
make sure you're subscribed.
I'd hate for you to
lose a Lamborghini.
Hey, boys. What are you doing?
We got courtside tickets. Enjoy!
I am so happy.
With the Lamborghini
now off my hands,
I gotta sit courtside at a pro
basketball game.
But instead, it just ended
up turning into a photoshoot.
Nice to meet you!
Then afterwards, I
said hi to Steve Harvey.
Nice to finally meet you!
How you feeling?
I’m doing good!
And after that, Russell Westbrook.
-Y’all good?
-Good.
And with $200,000 worth
of experiences left to do.
Up next, we got to take
over a massive water park.
Somehow in the middle of the
desert, hang out with penguins.
I heard you're the alpha.
That is an alpha thing to do.
And since that wasn't enough, I am now in
a giant pool with 80 sharks and stingrays.
Hello there, sir. Hey! Hey! Come back here!
I was trying to talk to you.
He's like Buzz Lightyear.
Whoa! Oh, excuse me, sir.
Yo, we got some...
I am Aquaman, the
king of the sharks.
My first decree is the
sharks bite him and not me.
Agreed? Oh, attack Karl!
That is a dinosaur!
I am your leader. Attack him.
No! That should not exist.
I think they just
unplugged my oxygen.
Well, before this guy turns
me into fish food,
let's go get our own dinner at a restaurant
straight out of the future.
Hello, everybody.
Jimmy, you’re sitting there.
What is this, Jimmy?
I don't know. I don't
think I've ever sat
at a restaurant this far
away from my friends.
Gentlemen, prepare yourself
for a once in a lifetime experience.
We will start with our first
appetizer. Take it in one bite!
Cheers.
What if I don't like it?
Is it good?
This is amazing.
That whole plate
was just that one bite?
Yeah.
Okay. Whoa.
What is going on?
What?
It's like a
Call of Duty mission.
Am I getting hacked?
I thought this was a
restaurant, not a movie theater.
I don't know what's going on.
This nine course meal
is surrounded by full 360
interactive visuals that
change based on the dish.
Whoa! Wait, does it, oh,
it responds to your touch.
Boy’s we're now defending Earth.
I'm impressively bad at this.
But even though the
room was impressive.
Dude, they're getting tripped up
on my water right now. Look at that.
It was the one of a kind food and drinks
that made this experience truly unique.
You can touch
the glass it’ll react with you.
We got to try nine mouthwatering
courses from freshly caught seafood.
Whoa!
Oh my God.
To golden wagyu burger.
You approve?
Oh, yeah.
Hey, we found
one Chandler likes.
They even had one final
course specialized just for us.
Who is that?
Thats Chandler.
That is not...
Bro, that is not me.
But anyways, let's keep
the experience going.
All we have left before
I literally fall out of the sky
and climb the
tallest building on earth
is to test my fear of heights
at a pool suspended in the sky.
Look at this view.
Jimmy!
Oh my God.
Are you kidding me?
Whatever you're seeing right
now does not do this justice.
No way.
Standing over 600ft in the sky, this
360 degree infinity pool
gives you a breathtaking view
of every square inch of the city.
Let's hop on in boys.
Yeah, I'm getting in.
That island behind me is man made.
Everything about this is mind blowing.
Now we're going to stick
this bad boy over the ledge.
Jesus, man.
Check out the view.
Is that not amazing?
We're on top of Dubai.
All right, guys. It's time
we fall from the sky.
Dude, you're
just falling to the Earth.
No, you're falling to
this manmade island.
Oh my God,
I'm so scared.
Buckle up because what
you're about to witness,
I never thought I’d
do in my entire life.
Literal maniacs.
Who does this willingly?
But what would a video
about experiences be
without attempting to face
one of my biggest fears.
Falling out of the sky.
If I don't make this
still upload the video!
This is getting real. No!
I have a family!
Prepare for takeoff.
It’s getting real!
We're going up!
I know.
I can't believe we're
actually doing this.
This is nuts.
What are the odds I die?
I don't know.
Oh my God!
Approaching
ten thousand feet.
We are so high.
I'm not ready.
Jimmy!
Go! Come on!
You're going first.
Jimmy, I hate you!
I changed my mind!
Oh, my God. Yeah!
We're spinning!
Oh, God. I'm scared!
Bye Jimmy!
I don't wanna do this!
Oh my God!
This is terrifying!
I'm not going!
How was it?
I'm scared.
You're scared.
Yeah. We're still
pretty high up.
This is probably
my biggest fear ever.
Oh, gosh.
But I did this for you guys.
Okay. I'm not dead.
I'm alive.
Where’s Chandler?
Did Chandler not jump?
Where's Chandler?
Chandler either didn’t jump
or splatted on the ground.
Oh, God, I hope
he didn’t jump.
Sorry Jimmy, I’m not doing it!
Well it’s a good thing I didn't
ask Chandler to join me
on the biggest experience
of this whole video, because...
Behind me is the Burj Khalifa,
the tallest building on
Earth.
And to wrap up this experience, I'm
going to go stand all the way on top of it.
The first step of reaching
the peak of this 2700ft building
is taking a series of
elevators over 160 stories
into the sky. But as for the
remaining 900ft, I had no choice
but to climb to the top myself.
This thing is tall.
That is a lot of ladders.
I underestimated how
hard it is to get up to the top.
But even after a full hour of climbing,
there was still a lot of
skyscraper left to go.
I thought I finally made it to the top,
but there's still a lot left.
This thing never ends.
Step by step, I started to question
whether I really
wanted to keep going.
I don't know if I'm going to make it.
Surely we’re almost there.
Take that as a no. But
despite all this endurance,
I reminded myself that this was my
moment to be one of the few individuals
ever to experience standing on
top of the tallest building on Earth.
I knew there was no turning back.
Alright. Homestretch!
Woo! Alright.
I made it!
I'm standing on top
of the tallest building in the world!
This is insane!
Holy crap. I'm high up.
Oh, this is terrifying.
Oh, I shoudn’t have looked
down that’s scary. I might puke.
I’ll admit, Feastables tastes better on the
ground, because on the ground
I'm not on the verge of passing out.
I'm so afraid of heights.
I find time and time again
that when I face my fears,
I usually end up enjoying it
and learning a lot about myself.
I'm very grateful for this
experience, and I would
encourage you guys to go
outside your comfort zone.
Do something you
wouldn't normally do.
I think you'll end up enjoying it
and learn a lot about yourself.
Thanks for watching! I hope you enjoyed
all the effort we put in this video!
I love you guys!